we know how things started he answered
one of your fan letters and then an
unlikely correspondence began etc etc
why don't you just back it all the way
up to how things started with you and
John F Donovan I had just turned 11 kids
at school were mocking me to being a new
guy my mom and I we were barely speaking
anymore all my dreams had disappeared
the only one that had survived was John
yeah and you're getting a pony for
Christmas he on the other hand had
everything my fans love I'm the luckiest
guy in the world that's the time around
which some people started to wonder was
it all a lie to Jonathan five years ago
it was wrong for me to think you would
answer but he did I'm only 11 years old
but later I'll be like him can we lock
the movies together bring it you made
our first story I did it you lied and
you live for years I just it is anything
did you or did you not write letters to
that kid next
you are never to write to that man again
do you understand some why release the
letters now it's been 12 years and
frankly if things really changed us as a
society what we want what we seek I mean
what should an artist reveal himself and
why does it matter to us I feel like
I've done everything wrong I don't
belong here stolen someone else's place
the question is how could you have
stolen a place that was made just for
you MA
can I stay here tonight he can stay here
for the rest of your lives
[Music]
dear Rupert
I cannot think of a more singular friend
no one will understand this friendship
[Applause]
until the day you want them to
[Music]